hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie the
midnight 2008.
the film begins with a scene in a movie
theater there
the three friends were discussing that
it is too late
now we have to start the movie a girl
named bridget among those friends
then a couple arrives there on the bike
they move to the counter to purchase
tickets
then the younger brother of bridget
timmy also goes there to buy tickets
means he was also there to watch a movie
but the friend of bridget refuses
he says that below 18 kids are not
allowed to watch a movie at night
then there the sister of that kid timmy
also arrives there
she asks him to go home then the best
friend of bridget also arrives there his
name was josh
he insists bridget watch a movie with
him so
they go and sit in the hall meanwhile
josh's friends also come and sit with
them
there we are also shown a detective who
was there in search of a serial killer
the serial killer whom he was searching
for his name was red
after some time one more friend of josh
arrives in the hall
the female friend of josh says that the
movie which we are going to watch
that movie is 400 years old there were
murders held of the people in reality
they were talking about that serial
killer ted whom the detective was
searching
the detective also buys a ticket for the
movie from the counter
with it he also asks about a man while
showing his picture
they don't know about him after it
bridget's friend plays the movie
it is shown in the movie that some
friends were going somewhere in the car
but suddenly tire of their car punctures
then a boy
among those friends goes to a nearby
house for help
a lady opens the door for that boy in
the hall
one more detective comes and sits with
that detective
we see a strange man in the movie he was
having a tool in his hand and he was
making it sharp
both detectives were talking that since
that serial killer ted is missing
this is my first movie that strange man
in the movie was wearing a mask
he kills that boy in the car and takes
him with him
we see on the counter that the drink was
finished so
bridgette's friend goes to a place to
take a drink
seeing that movie bridgette gets scared
that's why she comes outside while
leaving the movie
there josh makes her relax and asks her
to come inside
then suddenly bridget's friend who was
gone to take the drinks scene in the
movie
the people who were seeing the movie in
the hall they get
shocked after seeing it then bridget's
friend hears some voices then as he
begins to run from there
that serial killer ted comes in front of
him
he kills him brutally through his tool
but the people in the hall don't shock
at it
because they were taking it as a part of
the movie they were enjoying themselves
while seeing the movie
then after some time josh's friend goes
to the washroom
that same scene was showing in the movie
the killer kills him in front of them
then after hearing his shouting voice
bridget's friend goes to check him
there she sees blood on the floor then
in the movie
we are shown the counter of that same
movie hall
here bridget's friend was standing alone
seeing if they all get scared and they
come outside to check
but they didn't find anybody on the
counter after it
they all go to the washroom and they
also find blood there
they get scared after seeing it now they
were trying to come outside from there
then the detective finds the younger
brother of bridget named timmy
bridget asks her brother how he came
inside on it timmy says from the windows
the detective was breaking the door to
escape from there but he couldn't
he couldn't break the door after
checking they come to know that there
were no mobile signals
then bridgette tells them that there is
an emergency door here
they tried to open that emergency room
but it couldn't open because it was
locked
now they all get more scared because
they were stuck there
the detective tries to make them
understand that if we want to be safe we
have to stay together
he tells them about the incident that
was held five years before
he tells that there was a patient named
ted in a mental asylum
he was watching a movie about a serial
killer for many years
he cut his hand while seeing the
slashing movie of the serial killer
then he writes something on the floor
with his blood he disappears from there
in the morning except for blood there
was nothing visible in that asylum
actually ted was a serial killer now he
was an insane serial killer
he killed everyone in the hospital and
then ran from there
when they all were talking about the
serial killer bridget's brother timmy
goes into the hall
that killer sees him but he doesn't
kills him he throws him in front of all
he also comes in front of them then the
other detective tries to understand the
killer
c relax down we will make everything
fine
but ted is mad now he was now the serial
killer completely
so he cuts the neck of the detective
when the other detective notices this
he shoots him he falls in the hall now
in the movie
he was taking the detective's dead body
with him
then they all were running toward a room
they tried to go
outside from that window from where
bridget's brother came inside
but that window falls on the hand of
josh's friend
due to it she gets injured and starts
shouting while
listening to her shouting voice the
serial killer arrives there
there that detective shoots the serial
killer but that bullet didn't affect
that killer
the troubling thing was that the bullets
of that detective were also finished
seeing all this josh's friend gets
scared so
after getting a chance he runs from
there the killer was dissecting the body
of that detective
with it he also kills josh's friend then
in the movie
he was taking the dead body of josh's
friend with him
in the movie again we are shown that
lady which opened the door for that boy
that lady was the mother of the killer
she was also insane like the serial
killer ted
she says to ted that you have done a
good job that you took one more friend
with you
it come outside while running they were
planning about how to stop and kill that
killer
on it bridget says that if we want to
stop killer we have to stop the movie
first
when they try to go into that projector
room its room was locked
they think to move inside through the
projector window but the path of the
projector window was small so they send
timmy inside
when timmy was moving forward that
killer sees him but arriving there josh
attacks that killer and asks timmy to
move forward
timmy somehow reaches the projector room
on the other side
the killer was moving towards josh to
kill him
timmy takes out the plug of the
projector but that projector stays on
then to call them inside timmy opens the
door the male of that couple falls that
projector
josh escapes from the killer and he goes
from there the male of the couple picks
up and sees the reel of the movie
here he comes to know that the killer
wasn't dead but he was still alive
that projector again turns on
automatically now that killer was
chasing the mail of that couple
he kills him badly those all survivors
move in the hall
in the movie the killer and his mother
were together killer asks his mother
that anybody is fearing of me out the
movie
hearing it the mother of the killer sees
outside the window
she tells him that there is a girl
outside but she is not scared
seeing it josh understands the whole
thing
he tells them that killer can feel our
fear then
killer kills one more friend of bridget
he was also taking his dead body with
him
seeing it bridgette becomes sad josh's
friend gets scared after seeing it and
he goes out of the hall
when the killer sees that timmy is alone
he chases him
but then timmy runs from there and he
collapses with josh's friend
and now the killer holds josh's friend
here the killer puts his tool in the
electricity
they feel the electric shocks josh's
friend burns and dies because of the
current
but that current didn't harm killer josh
was in anger and then he goes to kill
that killer
but then that killer disappears from
there that's why josh returns back to
the room
he gets shocked by whatever he sees
there because that killer had made
bridget a prisoner
he was about to kill her then the killer
throws his tool towards josh and blown
out his eye
seeing it bridgette gets scared she runs
and comes to a room
she locks herself there she was scared
because of josh's condition
now the killer was chasing timmy he was
searching for him everywhere
timmy was hiding in the hall meanwhile
bridgette also arrives there
she makes his brother understands we
should not scare him
because our fear is our weak point and
if we will not scare of that killer we
control our fear that the killer can't
harm us
then they both siblings close their eyes
and sit in the hall
now the hall and those siblings are
shown in the movie the killer sees them
and arrives there he tries to sack her
them
but now because they close their eyes so
they didn't feel fear
after seeing it when that killer was
moving from there bridget opens her eyes
with fear
the killer knows about it and he takes
bridget with him in his movie
bridget finds herself locked in a room
where that killer was sharpening his
tool
then somehow bridget comes out from that
room she sees that many peoples are
locked as prisoners in a room
they were all injured and some were
killed in them that killer had done this
there bridget sees josh and he was alive
yet so she goes to him
but then the mother of the killer comes
there and faints bridget
when bridget comes to her senses she
finds herself tied
he sees that her brother is also tied
with her the killer comes to bridget and
says that i will not give you an easy
death
i will kill you while giving you pain
saying it he starts pulling her foot's
nails
due to it she shouts a lot in pain the
killer pulls her nails a foot one by one
when the killer pulls the nails off her
other foot she doesn't afraid and she
doesn't shout
she bears this pain and controls her
fear seeing it the killer gets
aggressive that she is not fearing from
me
and she is not feeling pain that's why
the killer throws her down meanwhile
bridget finds a sharp thing
getting a chance she stabs that killer
then she comes out while taking timmy
with her
but before they move out killer's mother
holds bridget
she tries to kill her while pressing her
neck but then timmy attacks that lady
from the backside and kills her
then they come out of the house and
start running but the killer hadn't left
them yet
he chases them while running timmy's
foot slips and he falls down
bridgette lifts up her brother and
shouts loudly because the movie of the
killer was ended
here to save her brother he throws him
outside like this timmy's life was saved
because he was out of the movie and he
is in that movie hall
and here that movie ends the projector
stops
here the movie was ended but bridget was
still in the movie
she was stuck in the movie after some
time police arrive there and timmy tells
them the reality
because he was a child no one believes
in him now
here this movie means midnight movie
ends here thank you for watching
like comment and subscribe don't forget
to hit the bell icon